Add v2.0.0 breaking changes on python environment names and RSL-RL package rename (#1890)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: docs/source/refs/release_notes.rst

* Updates the URDF and MJCF importers for Isaac Sim 4.5 by @Dhoeller19
* Renames Isaac Lab extensions and folders by @kellyguo11
* Restructures extension folders and removes old imitation learning scripts by @kellyguo11
* Renames conda and venv Python environment from ``isaaclab`` to ``env_isaaclab`` by @Toni-SM

> * The RSL-RL package has been renamed from ``rsl-rl`` to ``rsl-rl-lib`` by @samibouziri

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes RSL-RL package name in `setup.py` according to PyPI installation by @samibouziri
```
